To the witness of my memorandum

The functionality of search engines, like the one google uses, rely primarily off of two opperations. 
The first one is gathering links and storing them in a giant data base with the help of automated robots (crawlers)
The second is sorting the data based off of provided information with in those links through commonly taught academic algorithims.

The first opperation is what this project is revolved around. What a crawler does is it takes a root link,
and then branches out to every possible link that can be found with in that page, and repeats the process 
for every other link that those individual links contain on thier respective pages. The crawler that
I've created essentially does just that. A large data base repersented in an array is collected
from running a link through this program. All you must do to use this program is pick a link you'd like
to learn more about, copy and paste it into the text box, click the button bellow, and see the multipule
links that are connected to it.

I should take a momment to mention that tiktok videos when fullscreeened dont seem to work with this crawler. 

I appologize for the size of this project. This is my first real project and I've had a difficult time converting this
to exe form so that the genearl public, who may not know how to work with the command prompt comfortably, could play around it

For those of you who are more experienced with coding, I tried making the ammount of linkes stored in the array at the end easy 
to manipulate. In the crawler.py file youre able to change the "total" varible to a diffrent number. That number is the size 
of the final array. What I recomend you do is use pyinstaller to convert the crawler.py file back into another .exe file, 
but DO NOT make it a --onefile. Once you've done that, simply replace the previous .exe file with the new one, and you should be set.

Thank you taking a look at my project, and make sure to be a good person.

Best Regards, Daniel Awoke
